c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.dll.config
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.pdb
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.pdb
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Oracle.Web.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\parikshitt23\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.dll.config
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.pdb
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Oracle.Web.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.dll
C:\Users\parikshitt23\Documents\GitHub\DBMS\me\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.pdb
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.dll.config
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\DreamTeamCreator.pdb
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.dll
C:\Users\Jitesh19\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DreamTeamCreator\DreamTeamCreator\obj\Debug\DreamTeamCreator.pdb
